shit that is the best way I can start
this video honestly so I had a terrible
sleep last night it was just I didn't
sleep too well
and as I woke up after like three hours
sleep or whatever and I'm reading you
know my video game news for the day and
stuff like that and I'm reading you know
Atlas bankruptcy I'm like oh man I must
be tired
I must be like really tired here and I
kept reading and reading and I'm like am
I having a bad dream here so the news is
Atlas Japan has gone bankrupt they're in
the hole by two hundred and fifty
million dollars this is true I know I
had to read it a thousand times over to
believe it a few weeks ago I was reading
that they were under investigation for
some questionable business acts you know
fabricating you know how much money they
were making and stuff like that and
cooking the books to the column where it
seems that it finally caught up to them
so it's it's come out that they owe to
250 million dollars obviously the public
can't pay that so they are bankrupt and
right now they are looking for somebody
to buy them or acquire them I just you
know so I got stopped this
I cannot believe Atlas has gone bankrupt
you know what I mean youyou I just can't
believe it there's system I should start
by saying the I love Atlas as a company
I love the persona games these guys I'm
a persona you know the dark spire
actually an odyssey so many great games
over the years and so Japan has come to
a halt persona 5 who the fuck knows
printing you know dragon crown I believe
is still coming out so that's the one
you know and one of the philosophy games
will get I I don't know I'm quite
nervous about this but this is a company
that created Katherine
as well like yeah so I'm just so
dismayed by it all like I don't know I'm
you know my my thoughts go out to at all
the employees at less USA right now you
know I don't know what's gonna happen
with that less USAF you know you know if
the main company in Japan is gone so
hopefully something can be figured out
but I'm not feeling very hopeful on that
back so yeah basically yeah this is
having their assets you know shop to the
highest bidder they're trying to shove
their licenses out I guess you know
trying to find somebody maybe Nintendo
might buy them maybe Sony might buy them
mm-hmm you know we'll have to see maybe
Microsoft my well whoever was willing to
pay like two hundred fifty million
dollars can have them I guess so oh man
this is like such a bad day for video
gamers I mean this is such a bummer
there's a couple of companies that I
real like one of them is Atlas one of
them is exeed I love those guys they
accept they are to me than working
designs of our generation
right now presently and without them
well Dan so here's my question to you
guys what do you think of this news like
is it affecting you as much as it's
affecting me I'm I'm sure it probably is
so very bummed out today very bummed out
today really crappy day so anyways guys
till next time